- I have started getting more
and more into Gems lately.
It's sort of like my own little team.
So I have one Gem that serves
as my like project manager,
and this then helps me create other Gems.
I call it my Gem-erator.
So, this Gem is specifically meant to,
one, do project management.
But when I need a specific
thing, like writing ad copy,
it then will help me create
a Gem for writing ad copy.
So I have very niche use cases
when I want it to have
specific sort documentation
or a specific tone of voice.
And so then it helps me sort of dictate,
"Okay, this is a task
for your ad copy Gem.
This is a task for your
like messaging Gem."
And that is my like go-to.